List 5 difference between Browser JS(console) v Nodejs

1. NodeJS :
NodeJS is a cross-platform and opensource Javascript runtime environment that allows the javascript to be run on the server-side. Nodejs allows Javascript code to run outside the browser. 
Nodejs comes with a lot of modules and mostly used in web development.

2. JavaScript :
Javascript is a Scripting language. It is mostly abbreviated as JS. It can be said that Javascript is the updated version of the ECMA script. 
Javascript is a high-level programming language that uses the concept of Oops but it is based on prototype inheritance.



Difference between Nodejs and JavaScript :

S.No	Javascript	                                                                                  NodeJS

1.	Javascript is a programming language that is used for writing scripts on the website.	          NodeJS is a Javascript runtime environment.
2.	Javascript can only be run in the browsers.	                                                  NodeJS code can be run outside the browser.
3.	It is basically used on the client-side.                                                          It is mostly used on the server-side.
4.	Javascript is capable enough to add HTML and play with the DOM.	                                  Nodejs does not have capability to add HTML tags.
5.	Javascript can run in any browser engine as like JS core in safari and Spidermonkey in Firefox.	  Nodejs can only run in V8 engine of google chrome.
6.	Javascript is used in frontend development.	                                                  Nodejs is used in server-side development.
7.	Some of the javascript frameworks are RamdaJS, TypedJS, etc.	                                  Some of the Nodejs modules are Lodash, express etc.
8.	It is the upgraded version of ECMA script that uses Chrome’s V8 engine written in C++.	          Nodejs is written in C, C++ and Javascript.


watch & summary 5 points - 

High level view -
  Prasing flow, Tokenizer, Parse Tree, DOM tree, Speculative prasing, 
  Reentrant- means the prasing process can be interrupted, 
Performance insights
  prase interrupted, faster to render, defer and async attributes, trade off.
DOM node to rederobject
  visual output, Geometric info, can layout and paint,holdsstyles,computedmetrics
DOM + CSSOM :
  combines the two object models, style resolution
Mutltiple trees :
  renderobject, renderstyle, renderlayers, lineboxs

  

Execute the below code and write your description in txt file :
typeof(1)
  Number
typeof(1.1)
  Float 
typeof('1.1')
  String
typeof(true)
  Boolean  
typeof(null)
  Empty value
typeof(undefined)
  Empty value
typeof([])
  Object
typeof({})
  Object
typeof(NaN)
  NotaNumber







